Update README.md (#18)
quackduck/duckcoin: README.md

- [x] Easy to mine
- [x] Zero fees

> Duckcoin is a fully working cryptocurrency that uses PoW protocol, which is also a protocol used by Bitcoin and Eth Classic, to give miners rewards. However, it is currently operating on a centralized server-client model, which will obviously get me canceled if I release this right now. 

Reviewer: I don't think this is info that is too relevant or necessary, but I would be open to adding it in.
The word "protocol" is a bit vague, could you make it clearer? Protocols are usually about communication, aren't they?

> Duckcoin is a fully working cryptocurrency that uses PoW protocol, which is a blockchain protocol also used by Bitcoin and Eth Classic, to give miners rewards. However, it is currently operating on a centralized server-client model, which will obviously get me canceled if I release this right now. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Duckcoin is a fully working cryptocurrency that uses PoW, a common consensus algorithm that is also used by Bitcoin, ETH Classic and Dogecoin, to give miners rewards. However, it is currently operating on a centralized server-client model, which will certainly get me canceled if I release this right now. 
```
